Why are you laughing?
Because, think about it.
If you do that,
I'll be the one to stop you from showing your face.
And the one who is going to do it is
someone who doesn't care.
I'll be the one to stop you from showing your face.
I don't want to be laughed at by the people.
I'm sorry, but good night.
Good night.
I see.
I'll take this one.
Let's go home.
Gonsuke!
Please take care of the place.
Thank you.
Thank you, Gonsuke.
Good night.
You're not going to stop me, are you?
You're in my way.
What are you talking about?
Beat me.
I'm home.
Thank you for your hard work.
It was cold, wasn't it?
Oh, Gonsuke.
What are you doing here?
What did you want to do?
I wanted to stay over there.
I told you I was coming from home.
You were worried.
You thought I was going to fight you.
So I went to the place you told me to go.
I was so happy.
I was so happy to see a woman like a god.
I wanted to stay over there.
But the woman told me to go home.
She said she didn't want to be laughed at.
So I went home.
I'm going to sleep here tonight.
What a cute girl.
She's going to make a mess of me.
Why did you come home?
You can't go.
I'm going to put out a fire.
I can't go.
Hey Gonsuke!
I'm going to put out a fire.
Look, it's this guy.
Come on.
You're no fool.
How much power do you have?
I see.
You don't have a candle next to electricity.
No, you don't.
You have a wife.
You have such a great wife.
But you don't have a candle next to electricity.
Don't say that.
Knock on the door.
Yes.
Oh, I see.
You're back again.
Yes.
I went back to my house.
But you were so angry that you couldn't stop me from stealing things.
I told you to sleep in your place.
You're tired.
You can sleep here.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, too.
I don't mind if you get burned.
So please rest there.
Gouzuki.
Yes.
Light the candle.
I won't steal the light.
What's wrong?
It's late.